docs/source/command/index.rst, before:

Command Line
############

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade

ade command line provides an easy access to the ade module functionalities.
Provides two main modes and a set of optional flags, 

Modes
=====
Each mode defines a different interaction type with the application.
ade provides 2 main modes, parse and create.

parse
-----
In order to parse a tree structure it's matter to run:

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade parse

and it will parse the current directory against the default tamplate
into the deafault path.

create
------
On another hand creating a tree becomes:

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade create

Flags
=====

-h
--
Provide a quick help for the available options, and modes. 

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade -h

--mount_point
-------------
Define which is the mount point of the current project.
The mount point is whatever is before /<show>/..../.../

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade --mount_point /jobs

.. note::
	If not provided, falls back to /tmp.

--template
----------
Specify which template has to be used to build the tree.
The available templates are all the top folder names found in 
the defined or default template_folder.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade --template @+show+@

.. note::
	If not provided, falls back to the default and included 
	template definition set.


--data
-----------------
In order to create a new tree from a template, you need to set some
variable of the templates. Data allowes you to do so.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade create --data show=white department=film sequence=AA shot=AA001 user=hdd


--template_folder
-----------------
The template folder is where the various template fragments are collected.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade --template_folder /somewhere/on/disk

--verbose
---------
Set the verbosity level for the application, to get sensible detail enable 
the debug mode.

Available levels:

* info
* debug
* warning
* error

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade create --verbose debug

--path
------
.. warning::
	This options is usful only in parse mode.

The target path for the parse.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade parse --path /tmp/white/AF/AF001/maya/scenes


Examples
========
Here some simple examples on how use ade:


Create a shot folder into the home directory of the user:

.. code-block:: bash

 	$ ade create --data show=white department=dev sequence=AA shot=AA001 user=langeli --template @+shot+@ --verbose debug --mount_point $HOME


Initialise a new show into the directory of the user:

.. code-block:: bash

 	$ ade create --data show=white --verbose debug --mount_point $HOME --template @+show+@



Create a maya folder into the current folder:

.. code-block:: bash

 	$ ade create -mount_point ./ --template @maya@

Commit message:

move examples to home page

docs/source/command/index.rst, after:

Command Line
############

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade

ade command line provides an easy access to the ade module functionalities.
Provides two main modes and a set of optional flags, 

Modes
=====
Each mode defines a different interaction type with the application.
ade provides 2 main modes, parse and create.

parse
-----
In order to parse a tree structure it's matter to run:

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade parse

and it will parse the current directory against the default tamplate
into the deafault path.

create
------
On another hand creating a tree becomes:

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade create


Flags
=====

-h
--
Provide a quick help for the available options, and modes. 

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade -h

--mount_point
-------------
Define which is the mount point of the current project.
The mount point is whatever is before /<show>/..../.../

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade --mount_point /jobs

.. note::
	If not provided, falls back to /tmp.

--template
----------
Specify which template has to be used to build the tree.
The available templates are all the top folder names found in 
the defined or default template_folder.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade --template @+show+@

.. note::
	If not provided, falls back to the default and included 
	template definition set.


--data
-----------------
In order to create a new tree from a template, you need to set some
variable of the templates. Data allowes you to do so.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade create --data show=white department=film sequence=AA shot=AA001

.. note::
	If not provided data set the variable user to $USER (the current user).



--template_folder
-----------------
The template folder is where the various template fragments are collected.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade --template_folder /somewhere/on/disk

--verbose
---------
Set the verbosity level for the application, to get sensible detail enable 
the debug mode.

Available levels:

* info
* debug
* warning
* error

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade create --verbose debug

--path
------
.. warning::
	This options is usful only in parse mode.

The target path for the parse.

.. code-block:: bash

	$ ade parse --path /tmp/white/AF/AF001/maya/scenes
